Data Visualisation 

1.Why data display requires planning? 

2.Draw a diagram and explain with example seven stages of data visualisation 

3.Discuss principles of data visualisation 

4.Why is cleaning and filtering of data is important before visualisation?

5.How do you create basic time series plot , what key functions are involved? 

6.Write a short note on interpolation between dataset 

7.What techniques can enhance interaction in data visualisation?

8.What processing steps are necessary for analysing connection and correlation ? 

9.Explain sorting using salary as tie breaker

10.what is sketching in processing. write and explain hello world program in procesing.

11. write a note on processing dot org project.

12.Explain progress dimming and brighting points

13. How do you deal with byte arrays when Processing with image data ? 

14.How can you improve the display of folder contains in a tree map.

15.Describe dealing with a large number of files in details.

16. What an the key principles to consider when data visualising

17. what are the step to Create basic sketch in processing.

18 why is cleanning and filtering data impatant before visualization.

19. how do you create basic time series plot .what key functions are involved?

20. Describe inter polation between datasets.

21. What method Can you use to acquire time series data on milk, tea, coffee.

22. What challenges might arise When loading geographical data for scatter plot maps.

23.How can zooming improve the analysis of scatter plot data?

24.What are tree maps and how can they be utilised to visualise Hierarchical data?

25.what tools are available for acquiring the data from the internet?

26.which steps are necessary for loading, and managing text data in processing?

27.How can effectively represent zip code in a scatter plot.

28.Explain using open Stream () as a briedge to java.

29.How do you deal with byte arrays when processing image data ?

30. What a principle should be consider during, the interaction and combination stages of visualising data to ensure clarity and effectiveness? 

31.Explain seven Stages of data visualisation .

32.Write a Short on note Sketching and scripting.

33.Explain in detail method of interpolation 

34. write a note on simple plot  labelling the current datasets.

35.How do you create basic time series plot. What key function are involved.

36. Explain acquiring, parsing and filtering data in details.

37.Explain deployment issue acquire and refine in details.

38.How Can zooming improve the analysis of Scatter plot data

39.write a short note on tree maps

40.How can you effectively represent zip code in Scatter plot?

41. How do you deal with byte arrays when processing with image data?

42.what strategies can be employment for managing and visualizing a large number of file?
